com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Import/ImportFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Import.ImportFragment
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentCategoriesBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentCategoriesBinding
com/example/insense/services/authentification/FirebaseUserLiveData.java
 com.example.insense.services.authentification.FirebaseUserLiveData
com/example/insense/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.insense.BuildConfig
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Occupation/OccupationFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Occupation.OccupationFragment
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentOccupationBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentOccupationBinding
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentStarterBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentStarterBinding
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentCategoryBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentCategoryBinding
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentRateOfOccupationBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentRateOfOccupationBinding
com/example/insense/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Login/LoginViewModel.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Login.LoginViewModel
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Login.LoginViewModel$AuthenticationState
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Login.LoginViewModel2$$special$$inlined$map$1
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Binding/BindingFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Binding.BindingFragment
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Activity/ActivityFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Activity.ActivityFragment
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Activity.DrawThread
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Export/ExportFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Export.ExportFragment
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Login/StarterFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Login.StarterFragment
com/example/insense/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.insense.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentExportBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentExportBinding
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/RateOfOccupation/RateOfOccupationFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.RateOfOccupation.RateOfOccupationFragment
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Login/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Login.LoginFragment
com/example/insense/repository/SampleRepository.java
 com.example.insense.repository.SampleRepository
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Profile/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Profile.ProfileFragment
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Profile.ProfileFragment$1
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Profile.ProfileFragment$2
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Profile.ProfileFragment$3
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Profile.ProfileFragment$4
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Calendar/CalendarFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Calendar.CalendarFragment
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Calendar.CalendarFragment$1
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Calendar.CalendarFragment$2
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Calendar.CalendarFragment$3
com/example/insense/ui/main_activity/MainActivity.java
 com.example.insense.ui.main_activity.MainActivity
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentImportBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentImportBinding
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentBindingBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentBindingBinding
com/example/insense/ui/Settings/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.Settings.SettingsFragment
 com.example.insense.ui.Settings.SettingsFragment$1
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Category/CategoryFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Category.CategoryFragment
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Categories/CategoriesFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Categories.CategoriesFragment
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Categories.CategoriesFragment$1
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Categories.CategoriesFragment$2
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Categories.CategoriesFragment$3
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentCalendarBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentCalendarBinding
com/example/insense/ui/fragments/Main/MainFragment.java
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Main.MainFragment
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Main.MainFragment$1
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Main.MainFragment$2
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Main.MainFragment$3
 com.example.insense.ui.fragments.Main.MainFragment$4
com/example/insense/databinding/FragmentActivityBinding.java
 com.example.insense.databinding.FragmentActivityBinding
